Fixes #9782 - Freshness update and monthly stats (#9784)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/dev-cross-plat/create-standard-library-binary-Module.md

└───Tests
```

## Why binary modules?

When you are writing a module in C# you give up easy access to PowerShell cmdlets and functions. But
if you are creating a module that doesn't depend on a lot of other PowerShell commands, the
performance benefit can be significant. PowerShell was optimized for the administrator, not the
computer. By switching to C#, you get to shed the overhead added by PowerShell.

For example, we have a critical process that does a lot of work with JSON and hashtables. We
optimized the PowerShell as much as we could but the process still takes 12 minutes to complete. The

> module already contained a lot of C# style PowerShell. This made conversion to a binary module clean
> and easy to do. The conversion cut reduced the process time from over 12 minutes to under four
> minutes.

Reviewer: Since we moved this section from later in the article to before the changes, I think we might want to alter the wording here.

```suggestion
module already contained a lot of C# style PowerShell. This makes conversion to a binary module
clean and easy to do. The conversion in this article reduces the process time from over 12 minutes
to under four minutes.
```

### Hybrid modules

> You can mix binary cmdlets with PowerShell advanced functions. Take everything you know about script
> modules and it all applies the same way. The empty `psm1` file is there just so you can add other
> PowerShell functions later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can mix binary cmdlets with PowerShell advanced functions. Everything you know about script
modules applies the same way. The empty `psm1` file is included so you can add other PowerShell
functions later.
```

> Almost all of the compiled cmdlets that we created started out as PowerShell functions first. All
> of our binary modules are really hybrid modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Almost all of the compiled cmdlets that I create in this article started out as PowerShell
functions. All binary modules are also hybrid modules.
```

### Build scripts

I kept the build script simple here. I generally use a large `Invoke-Build` script as part of my

> CI/CD pipeline. It does more magic like running Pester tests, running PSScriptAnalyzer, managing

Reviewer: Nit: Module names are bold, I think
```suggestion
CI/CD pipeline. It does more magic like running Pester tests, running **PSScriptAnalyzer**, managing
```

### Binary module setup

This article is focused on the binary module so that's where we'll start. This section pulls
examples from the [Creating a cross-platform binary module][03] guide. Review that guide if you need
more details or have any issues.

> First thing we want to do is check the version of the [dotnet core SDK][09] that we installed. I'm
> using 2.1.4, but you should have 2.0.0 or newer before continuing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First thing we want to do is check the version of the [dotnet core SDK][09] that we have installed.
I'm using 2.1.4, but you should have 2.0.0 or newer before continuing.
```

Remove-Item $module -Recurse
```

> Set the .NET core SDK version for the project. I have the 2.1 SDK so I'm going to specify 2.1.0. Use
> 2.0.0 if you're using the 2.0 SDK.

Reviewer: Nit: These are specific values for a command.
```suggestion
Set the .NET core SDK version for the project. I have the 2.1 SDK so I'm going to specify `2.1.0`.
Use `2.0.0` if you're using the 2.0 SDK.
```

You can set up a local PSGallery and publish to that as part of your build. Then do your local
install from that PSGallery. This sounds like a lot of work, but this can be as simple as starting a
docker container. I cover a way to do that in my post on
[Using a NuGet server for a PSRepository][06].

## Final thoughts

> Binary modules are easy to create. I didn't touch on the C# syntax for creating a cmdlet, but there
> is plenty of documentation on it in the [Windows PowerShell SDK][01]. It's definitely something
> worth experimenting with as a stepping stone into more serious C#.

Reviewer: Suggest striking the first sentence.
```suggestion
I didn't touch on the C# syntax for creating a cmdlet, but there is plenty of documentation on it
in the [Windows PowerShell SDK][01]. It's definitely something worth experimenting with as a
stepping stone into more serious C#.
```
